Who did you offend out there?
The zombie show shut down all our companies
Three major chambers of commerce
At the same time, commercial sniping was carried out for the Qin family
Let the Menqin family go bankrupt
Please call
You did all this.
My boy
That's a lesson for you.
Do you still dare to take this share?
Don't you think
He wants to be buried with you
Uh-huh.
Qin Yongcheng, you asked for this. Let me go
Mr. Du, thank you for coming to save me
Qingyao
Mr. Du saved both of us this time
Didn't you hear him say his name?
He came to rescue us
It's all because of our Lin family's property
You are so big and brainless
I don't say that.
He has to threaten you with your life